# Beautiful-Orders
We're going to write a program that reads a file with customer order information. You will manipulate that data to compute the total cost of each customer's order and compute what percentage of our revenue comes from each customer. You will then write these computations to a formatted summary file.  Along the way, we're going to fix some style issues with customer names.

Two constant variables indicating the maximum possible number of customers and the maximum possible number of item types have been defined at the global scope and so are available everywhere. Function prototypes for the four functions you will be writing appear next.  Do not change these prototypes; the purpose is to understand parameter passing techniques used in these functions. You will be adding your code below to finish their definitions. The function main calls these functions to create the formatted order summary from the input file. Note that the first two lines of main require the user to input the names of the customer order file and the desired output file name.  There is no prompt for the user.

During the process of writing your functions you are encouraged to print out information to the screen to assist you in debugging. These print statements are know as scaffolding during development. However, our tests expect that your code will not have any additional console output in the main function.  Please remove those debugging statements before final testing and homework submission. We have provided a test script (see files) that will show you the difference between your output and what is expected for each part of your program.

We did not provide comments for these functions in the template file.  Please follow the style guideline at the bottom and add descriptive comments for each of the four functions.
